tech101/readme.md, before:

> Please read our slide creation guidelines in [the wiki](https://github.com/girldevelopit/gdi-slides-template/wiki). Then, delete this banner and add the specifics about your class below.

# Add Your Course Title Here

Slides and materials are hosted at [http://example.com/](http://example.com/).

## Course description

Use this space for a short description of your course. We recommend using the description from your meetup event.

**Cost:** 

**Dates:** 

**Location:** 

A limited number of scholarships are available for those with a financial hardship. To apply, contact us at...


### Prerequisites:

List any prerequisites for this class, including any previous classes or the equivalent self-study or real-world skills.

You should have:

(a) taken Intro or Intermediate HTML/CSS through Girl Develop It, or

(b) built and managed websites on your own,

**And also:**

(a) taken intro to JavaScript through Girl Develop It, or

(b) be familiar with syntax, arrays, conditionals, for and while loops, event handling, jQuery, AJAX requests, and handling JSON responses.


### Tech requirements:

 - Your laptop (Mac, PC, or Linux are all okay).
 - A modern web browser - either Chrome or Firefox with Firebug installed.
 - A text editor. We recommend Sublime Text 2 (free; available for Mac, PC, and Linux).


### Topics covered:

 - The topics you plan to cover
 - Written in list form
 - Here's another one

Commit message:

Update readme filename to README - no need to update link - and updated contents in README to match course description

tech101/readme.md, after:

> Please read our slide creation guidelines in [the wiki](https://github.com/girldevelopit/gdi-slides-template/wiki). Then, delete this banner and add the specifics about your class below.

# Tech101: What is the Web?

Slides and materials are hosted at [http://example.com/](http://example.com/).

## Course description

Thinking about learning to code? Wondering how HTML and CSS come together to bring a web page alive? Curious about how to become a web developer? These questions and more will be answered in Tech 101: What is the Web, a newbie-friendly introduction to the terminology and protocols that power the internet!

Join us for a very special workshop where we break down terminology and jargon to introduce basic concepts. This event is open to everybody – whether you're a non-profit administrator hoping to add pizzazz to your HTML5 newsletters, a Marketing expert looking to talk more shop with your developer audience, or someone who wants to learn more about computing!

This workshop will be taught by **NAME**, **SHORT BIO**.

Know someone who's curious about the web? Spread the word!

**Cost:** 
$15.00

A limited number of scholarships are available for those with a financial hardship. To apply, contact us at... *contact info here*

**Dates:** 
*Fill in date*
**Location:** 
*Fill in location*

### Prerequisites:

You only need an interest in learning about the web to attend this course! 

### Tech requirements:

- Your laptop with a charger and modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari)

- If you do not have a laptop, please contact the instructor. We have a limited number of Chromebooks for students to borrow.

### Payment:

Payment is required to attend this workshop.

### Food:
*Fill in food information*
