htmlcss-2day/README.md, before:

# Intro to HTML/CSS
Slides and materials are hosted at [http://girldevelopit.github.io/gdi-core-html-css/](http://girldevelopit.github.io/gdi-core-html-css/).

## Course description
This is a 4-part, 8-hour course.

Want to learn how to build your own website? Already have your own site and want to have more control over it? Interested in learning to program but want to start small? If you answered yes to any of the questions above, this course is for you!

This beginner course will guide you through the basics of HTML and CSS. By the end of the class, you will have developed a first version of your own website.


### Prerequisites:
No previous experience is required.

### Tech requirements:
 - Your laptop (Mac, PC, or Linux are all okay).
 - A modern web browser - either Chrome or Firefox with Firebug installed.
 - A text editor. We recommend Sublime Text 2 (free; available for Mac, PC, and Linux).

## Classes
### Class 1
Introduction to HTML. What is it? Why does it matter?
You will go through the basic history of HTML, including how it interacts with the browser and why that matters.
Then you will discuss the layout of an HTML page, including html, body, head and nesting.
Finally, you will go through many of the basic HTML elements.
Students will begin to make a personal portfolio page with HTML elements and no styling.

### Class 2
Introduction to CSS. Colors? Styles? What? It's all true. And you thought we are going to make you live your life in black and white.
You will go through most of the css styles, including font changes, layout, size, and color. You will show how to connect them to html selectors. The CSS file will be an external file.
Students will add CSS styling to their portfolio.

### Class 3
Introduction to divs, spans, ids and classes. You didn't think we would just leave you with paragraphs and lists did you? No, my friends. We are going to dive into these super valuable container elements. Then learn how to have id and class selectors in our CSS. Who wants all paragraphs to look the same.
Students will start customizing their portfolio with all sorts of goodies.

### Class 4
Box model? Floating? Columns? What is this sorcery? You've brought people through the core of html and css. Now give them the next steps to be pros. Students will add columns, footers and headers to their portfolios.

## Credits
This is the Girl Develop It Core HTML/CSS curriculum. It was developed through the contributions of Pamela Fox, Alexis Goldstein, Erin M. Kidwell, Izzy Johnston, and Jen Myers, and modified by Sylvia Pellicore.

Commit message:

Update course info for htmlcss-2day and html-css-self-paced
* Update course info (Issue #448)

Intro to HTML & CSS (Self-Paced)

* Made fixes (#448)

* Updated course description (Issue #446)

htmlcss-2day/README.md, after:

# Intro to HTML & CSS: Build Your First Website (2 days)

In this two-day project-based workshop, you'll learn HTML and CSS, the languages used by the billions of webpages out there today to mark up and style content. HTML and CSS are incredibly useful skills for bloggers, content creators, email marketers, small business owners, designers, and are absolutely necessary skills front-end web developers. 

The comprehensive workshop will be a mix of lectures, pair programming, and hands-on exercises building your webpage. It will be taught by {{ teacher_name }}, {{ teacher_description }}.

This is a recommended workshop for students interested in our full front-end workshop series.

This workshop goes from 10am to 5pm on both Saturday and Sunday with an hour break for lunch.


### By the end of this two-day workshop, you will know the following:

* How to structure a web page using HTML tags (e.g. creating About Me, Projects, and Contact Me sections for your personal website)
* How to style web pages using CSS (e.g. a bold blog title, italicized date of entry, the blog content in a cool font, and cute icons for your blog)
* How to host your pages on the web for the world to see!

### Slides

<https://www.teaching-materials.org/htmlcss-2day/>

### Prequisites

Attendees are not expected to have any previous HTML/CSS or programming experience.


### Tech Requirements

* Your laptop (Mac, PC, Linux) and charger
* A modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari)
* A text editor - we recommend either Sublime Text 2 or Atom (both free)

*If you do not have a laptop, please contact the instructors. We have a limited number of Chromebooks for students to borrow.*

### Payment

Payment is required to attend. If you'd like to attend but cannot afford the cost, [click here to request a scholarship](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfiUBN4yve3L7iociXzcqNgEtrljsn_7mCgZ3eUtvAEr3bcQg/viewform). Due to the number of applications, only the scholarship recipient will receive an email a few days before the workshop. Thank you for your understanding!
